So we've seen the built in array iterator and also how we can use it to create our own custom iterable.
And also we've learned how we can create our own custom iterators.
Now there are a lot of built in iterators other than the builtin array iterator.
And for the most part you won't be needing to make your own custom iterators unless you're working with
something like a class or an object.
Instead we have these three different builtin iterators right here that make working with iterable.
And these other built in data types much easier.
So what we'll do is we'll make a couple of collections right here we're going to do an array a map and
a set.
So we'll do it colors and then we'll do like red and blue and green if I can get it.
There we go green like so.
And then after that we'll make a set so we'll do and tracking and we'll do new set and we'll initialize
it with some values so we'll pass in an array and it'll just be some numbers.
Here's what he 45 56 80 to 23.
Like so then after that we'll make a map so do.
And then we'll do data we'll do new map like so now I could initialize this with rays but in this case
I'm just going to set some values on it.
So in this case I'll do a data set and then I'll pass and name which will just be Andrew.
And then after that I'll do it again.
Copy this.
And then in this case I'll put age and then I'll set that to be a number like 90 solid.
OK.
So now the first built in iterator that we're going to use is called entries and essentially what entries
does is it returns a two item array where the two items represent the key and the value in the case
of the array it's going to return the Indus C and the value associated with that index right there.
And then for sets since the key and the value are the same thing in sets.
It's going to return the same thing twice in the array and then for maps it will return the actual key
value pair.
So what we'll do is we'll loop through with a of.
Since these are iterable So we'll do.
And then we'll do entry of colors in Sri.
If I can.
There we go like so.
And if we just canceled out log the entry you'll see that it returns these two arrays right.
Here these two item arrays 0 red one blue to green like so and we can just copy and paste this twice.
So we'll do twice like so and then we'll just change out colors with tracking and we'll change all colors
here with data like so.
And it's going to do the exact same thing.
You'll see after colors if I can click on this you can see it does the key and the value.
But this is set in the key and the values are the same thing.
So it just returns a two item array with the same thing.
But then for the map right here you see we actually get a two item array with the key and the value.